## 10/29/2022
### Step Functions 
#### multistep sequential action.
  - code build
    - code deploy 

## Neil Devops Pro Quest Exam 2 Ques 14

QUESTION 14 OF 20

*14. QUESTION*

*To increase security, a company plans to use AWS Systems Manager Session Manager to managed Amazon EC2 instances rather than SSH. The connectivity to Session Manager should also use a private network connection.*

Which configuration actions should be taken to implement this? (Select TWO.)

  - Attach an Elastic IP to a NAT gateway in a public subnet and specify a route to the NAT gateway in the private subnet route tables.
- Create a VPC endpoint for Systems Manager in the Region where the instances are running.
- Attach an IAM instance profile to the EC2 instances that provides the necessary permissions for Systems Manager.
- Establish private Session Manager connectivity using the instance IDs of EC2 instances.
- Allow inbound access to TCP port 22 in all associated EC2 security groups from the VPC CIDR range.    


## Neil Devops Pro Exam 3 Ques 16
  - Amazon CloudWatch Events delivers a near real-time stream of system events that describe changes in Amazon Web Services (AWS) resources. Using simple rules that can be set up, you can match events and route them to one or more target functions or streams. Custom application-level events can be generated and published to CloudWatch Events. Scheduled events can be set up that are generated on a periodic basis. A rule matches incoming events and routes them to targets for processing.
  - 

## 2022-10-30 19:17:13
## Neil Devops Pro Exam 4 Ques 16
  - Ques 12  Code **Build, Commit Deploy**, 
1
In a hybrid environment the most secure deployment includes using Systems Manager Hybrid activations for on-premises servers and an IAM role for the EC2 instances. The hybrid activations feature in systems manager is a more secure option than using access keys as it uses an IAM service role.
The buildspec.yml file is used to define the build commands and sequence to run during the build process. This file is placed in the source code.